[extension] Added handling for windows/WSL in vscode extension (#1277)
jetpack-io/devbox: docs/app/docs/ide_configuration/vscode.md

4. Open your Devbox project in VSCode. Direnv extension should show a prompt notification to reload your environment.
5. Click on reload.

## Windows Setup
___

> Devbox CLI is not supported on Windows. However, it is possible to integrate VSCode with Devbox via Windows Subsystem for Linux ([WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install)). If you have setup WSL, then follow the steps below to integrate your Devbox shell environment with VSCode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Devbox CLI is not supported on Windows, but you can still use it with VSCode by using Windows Subsystem for Linux ([WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install)). If you've set up WSL, follow these steps to integrate your Devbox shell environment with VSCode:
```

1. [Install](https://www.jetpack.io/devbox/docs/installing_devbox/) Devbox in WSL.
2. Navigate to your project directory. (`C:\Users` is `/mnt/c/Users/` in WSL).
3. Run `devbox init` if you don't have a devbox.json file.
4. Run `devbox shell`

> 5. Run `code .` this should open VSCode in Windows and remote connect it to your devbox shell in WSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run `code .` to open VSCode in Windows and connect it remotely to your Devbox shell in WSL.
```
